added deposit pCKB (#44)
nervosnetwork/godwoken-doc: versioned_docs/version-1.3-rc1(WIP)/depositpCKB.md

---
id: depositpCKB

> title: Add & Transfer pCKB on Godwoken v1

Reviewer: > id: depositpCKB
title: Add & Transfer pCKB on Godwoken v1

Since the article is teaching users how to transfer pCKB, I suggest you to change `id` and `title` to fit the subject: Transfer pCKB. 
And then, you can organize and refactor part of the article's content around subject "transfer", which should give you a better sense of writing.

What do you think?

:::

## Configure MetaMask for Godwoken pCKB

<li><p>Connect to the <a href="https://testnet.bridge.godwoken.io/#/v1">Godwoken Bridge</a> with your Metamask wallet, which will automatically add Godwoken Testnet to your wallet.</p></li>

<img src={useBaseUrl("img/depositPCKB/configure1.png")}  width="30%"/>

<li><p>Go to Metamask wallet, click <code>import tokens</code>.</p></li>

<img src={useBaseUrl("img/depositPCKB/configure2.png")}  width="30%"/>

<li><p>Fill the Token Contract Address with the info that you could copy from the <a href="https://docs.godwoken.io/connectionInfo#deployment-information-1">Godwoken Public Networks</a> page, then click <code>Add Custom Token</code>. Normally, token symbol and token decimal will be filled automatically. </p></li>

<img src={useBaseUrl("img/depositPCKB/configure3.png")}  width="30%"/>

<li><p>Click <code>Import Tokens</code> to confirm the import of custom token.</p></li>

<img src={useBaseUrl("img/depositPCKB/configure4.png")}  width="30%"/>

<li><p>You will see that pCKB has been added into your wallets. </p></li>

<img src={useBaseUrl("img/depositPCKB/configure5.png")}  width="30%"/>

## Send Funds on Godwoken

> <li><p>Go to your MetaMask wallet, select pCKB in your Assets. On Godwoken, users use tokens instead of native assets when making transfer, because <a href="http://docs.godwoken.io/faq#q-ckb-transfer-on-godwoken-testnet-via-metamask-has-failed-what-is-the-solution">Godwoken uses pCKB to calculate transaction fees by default</a>. </p></li>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<li><p>Go to your MetaMask wallet, select pCKB in your Assets. On Godwoken, users use `pCKB (ERC20)` when making native token transfer, because <a href="http://docs.godwoken.io/faq#q-ckb-transfer-on-godwoken-testnet-via-metamask-has-failed-what-is-the-solution">Godwoken uses pCKB to calculate transaction fees by default</a>. </p></li>
```

:::

## Configure MetaMask for Godwoken pCKB

<li><p>Connect to the <a href="https://testnet.bridge.godwoken.io/#/v1">Godwoken Bridge</a> with your Metamask wallet, which will add automatically Godwoken Testnet to your wallet.</p></li>

<img src={useBaseUrl("img/depositPCKB/configure1.png")}  width="30%"/>

<li><p>Go to Metamask wallet, click <code>import tokens</code>.</p></li>

<img src={useBaseUrl("img/depositPCKB/configure2.png")}  width="30%"/>

<li><p>Fill the Token Contract Address with the info that you could copy from the <a href="https://docs.godwoken.io/connectionInfo#deployment-information-1">Godwoken Public Networks</a> page, then click <code>Add Custom Token</code>. Normally, token symbol and token decimal will be filled automatically. </p></li>

<img src={useBaseUrl("img/depositPCKB/configure3.png")}  width="30%"/>

<li><p>Click <code>Import Tokens</code> to confirm the import of custom token.</p></li>

<img src={useBaseUrl("img/depositPCKB/configure4.png")}  width="30%"/>

<li><p>You will see that pCKB has been added into your wallets. </p></li>

<img src={useBaseUrl("img/depositPCKB/configure5.png")}  width="30%"/>

## Send Funds on Godwoken

> <li><p>Go to your MetaMask wallet, select pCKB in your Assets.</p></li>

Reviewer: > Go to your MetaMask wallet, select pCKB in your Assets

Maybe we should explain to users why they have to transfer token instead of native asset.
A simple reference link to Q&A section will do.
